not want you to please
Well, you are not what, but I do not know
, once just the financial storm did the Thai lights
, so live people with the decoration once included in the early, so you do not die
first  After all the decoration so ah collect money to
leave the frame, is it first, you are not it, so that that is the
enterprise, wow yeah, your building nightclub, or you move something,
get very slow or all the money  ,
suddenly the financial storm force came to be
good everything is good, switched over the group miscellaneous sun, so you can not die
, only receive not back, wow, see all those so repair,
ah, but you do not plug  I'm just giving money
, but am I miserable?  It's useless, it's so sad, he said ugh
we 70s, has all our properties all public
, the work is useless, you take it back to press, and borrow money is not in
danger  Be careful, if you are not good, just leave.
If you are a trap, you will die. But